PLAT-126566: Update kitten browser documentation (#160)
enactjs/docs: src/pages/docs/tutorials/tutorial-kitten-browser/panels/index.md

<!--
* Concept: Break Into Views
* Component: Panels

>   * Basic Panels

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Panels
```

Author: OK. fixed

We have a small problem with our `Detail` view. We don't validate that the gender we receive matches one of the genders we expect. One way we can address that is to use `propTypes` to validate that we only receive the data we expect (at least, while we're running the app in development mode). We can quickly change the validator to check the data for us:

	propTypes: {
			color: PropTypes.string,
			gender: PropTypes.oneOf(['m', 'f']),
			name: PropTypes.string,
			weight: PropTypes.number

> 	},

Reviewer: I think this is not needed here.

Author: I reverted it to original description. So there will be only "oneOf" description.

With the basics of `Panels` under our belts, refactoring our list into a `Panel` should be straightforward. We've only declared a single property, `children`, which will receive the array of kittens to display. The render method contains the same `Panel` setup code as above with the addition of the Repeater code from `./src/App/App.js`.

> Because we set the default image size to `300` in `.src/components/Kitten/Kitten.js`, the six images of the array of kittens we set up in `.src/App/App.js` may not be fully visible in `Panel`. Therefore, adding a scroller within `Panel` makes all images visible well. We'll `import` the `Scroller` component from the `@enact/sandstone/Scroller` module. Also, it is required to define `width` and `height` property of `<img />` tag so that the `Scroller` knows whether a scroller will be visible or not. See what happens if you reduce the size of your web browser when you don't add a scroller.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because we set the default image size to `300` in `.src/components/Kitten/Kitten.js`, the six images of the array of kittens we set up in `.src/App/App.js` may not be fully visible in `Panel`. Therefore, adding a scroller within `Panel` makes all images visible well. We'll `import` the `Scroller` component from the `@enact/sandstone/Scroller` module. Also, it is required to define `width` and `height` property of `<img />` tag so that the `Scroller` knows whether a scroller will be needed or not. See what happens if you reduce the size of your web browser when you don't add a scroller.
```

Author: OK. fixed

	render: ({children, ...rest}) => (
		<Panel {...rest}>
			<Header title="Kittens!" />
			<Scroller>
				<Repeater childComponent={Kitten} indexProp="index">
					{children}
				</Repeater>
			</Scroller>
		</Panel>
	)
});

export default ListBase;
export {
	ListBase as List, 
	ListBase
};
```

**./src/components/Kitten/Kitten.js**
```js
import kind from '@enact/core/kind';
import PropTypes from 'prop-types';
import React from 'react';

import css from './Kitten.less';

const KittenBase = kind({
		
	/* omitted */

	render: ({children, size, url, ...rest}) => {
		delete rest.index;

		return (
			<div {...rest}>
				<img src={url} alt="Kitten" width={size} height={size} />
				<div>{children}</div>
			</div>
		);
	}
});

export default KittenBase;
export {KittenBase as Kitten};
```

## Panels

> Sandstone provides a simple single Panel view filling the entire screen. It is the default export from `@enact/sandstone/Panels`. The `Panels` makes allowing the user to navigate to the previous Panel. This is why we use `Panels` on our browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`@enact/sandstone/Panels` provides a simple single Panel view filling the entire screen and it allows the user to navigate to the previous Panel with a back button.
```

Author: OK. fixed

> As mentioned above, our Kitten Browser will use `Panels`, with the `List` as the first view and `Detail` as the second. We've kept the data here and will pass that down to `List` as `children`. It's also notable that we're using the spread operator on props directly. We don't need to deconstruct any props for our `App` component so we'll pass everything on to `Panels`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our Kitten Browser will use `Panels`, with the `List` as the first view and `Detail` as the second. We've kept the data here and will pass that down to `List` as `children`. It's also notable that we're using the spread operator on props directly. We don't need to deconstruct any props for our `App` component so we'll pass everything on to `Panels`.
```

Author: OK. fixed
